README.md, before:

# Overview
This project is a personal project of mine that I'm still building out.  I'm creating a UI for the API game [Space Traders](https://spacetraders.io/).  I'm using Axios to send requests to a Node.js API that I built that is hosted on Heroku.  Data is stored in a MongoDb database.  The frontend is React with Redux and Redux-thunk.

## Current Features:
These are the current features that are currently implemented in the app.
- Create an account and log in
- See all available loans
- Take out a loan
- View amount of credits that you have available to spend

## Upcoming Features:
These are features that will be finished in the near future, starting from 'almost ready' to 'far off'
- ![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/50) Buy space ships
- Pay off your loans
- Submit a flight plan
- View information on space ships locations
- Buy fuel and goods
- Enable player to see account info

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/0e6999fa-d48f-4c85-a66f-45ded637eb7b/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/ryans-spacetraders-ui/deploys)

Commit message:

Update readme with progress bars

README.md, after:

# Overview
This project is a personal project of mine that I'm still building out.  I'm creating a UI for the API game [Space Traders](https://spacetraders.io/).  I'm using Axios to send requests to a Node.js API that I built that is hosted on Heroku.  Data is stored in a MongoDb database.  The frontend is React with Redux and Redux-thunk.  Take a look at the app on [netlify]()

Netlify status: [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/0e6999fa-d48f-4c85-a66f-45ded637eb7b/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/ryans-spacetraders-ui/deploys)

## Current Features:
These are the current features that are currently implemented in the app.
- **Create an account and log in**
- **See all available loans**
- **Take out a loan**
- **View amount of credits that you have available to spend**

## Upcoming Features:
These are features that will be finished in the near future, starting from 'almost ready' to 'far off'<br />
![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/50) Buy space ships<br />
![50%](https://progress-bar.dev/50) Pay off your loans<br />
![25%](https://progress-bar.dev/25) Submit a flight plan<br />
![15%](https://progress-bar.dev/15) View information on space ships locations<br />
![10%](https://progress-bar.dev/10) Buy fuel and goods<br />
![0%](https://progress-bar.dev/0) Enable player to see account info<br />

progress bars from https://github.com/fredericojordan/progress-bar
